Align DEVELOPMENT.md with last release (#43)
hashicorp/syntax: DEVELOPMENT.md

To start the test suite from the command-line run:

```bash
npm test
```

## Writing Grammar Snapshot Tests

Snapshot tests comprise of two files: example files and their companion `snap` file:

```bash
tests/snapshot/terraform/blocks.tf
tests/snapshot/terraform/blocks.tf.snap
```

These files are grouped by HashiCorp product inside folders named for the product they target.

> Snapshot test example files are HashiCorp product files without any `vscode-tmgrammar-test` token lines. Each example file is exactly how you would see it used in production. This ensures scope, inheritance, and resolution of tokens happen exactly as they would on a user's machine.

Reviewer: > Each example file is exactly how you would see it used in production.

I think this is more of an aspiration than reality currently?

We have plenty of tests which contain expressions in the body, which is not valid in any HCL config, e.g. https://github.com/hashicorp/syntax/blob/main/tests/snapshot/hcl/expressions_operators.hcl

Reviewer: We can update the existing configs on case-by-case basis, I started with a few files in https://github.com/hashicorp/syntax/pull/44

> The companion `snap` file is named the same as the example file with the `.snap` extension, and is the tmGrammar represenation of all resolved tokens. This file is commited alongside the example file. If anything changes with regards to how the tokens are resolved, the snapshot test will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The companion `snap` file is named the same as the example file with the `.snap` extension, and is the tmGrammar representation of all resolved tokens. This file is committed alongside the example file. If anything changes with regards to how the tokens are resolved for these example files, the snapshot test will fail.
```

Reviewer: This would otherwise sound like the tests are more fragile than they are. 😃 I mean - they _are_ fragile, but if the case isn't covered by tests, then the tests should continue to pass, right?

Reviewer 2: Snapshot tests fail if the generated output is different, so they are fragile on purpose. For example, we expect a given line to have 5 tokens and with a change it now has 7 tokens, the test fails because we did not cover it. Simiarily with less tokens or different tokens etc.

> Note: If modifying an existing snapshot test, run `npm run test:snap:update` to update the snapshot file. This will update the snapshot file with the new modified grammar. Be sure to do this after you've tested using `npm run test:snap` and are sure that the modified grammar is correct, otherwise you may get false positives.

For example:

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```hcl
```
